---
layout: post
title: 'I"m back'
author: 'Richard.H'
image: ''
categories: ['Shantouer', '未分类']
tags: []
---

It’s been two years since my last time back home. Time does fly, especially when you start working. It’s time come back to see my parents, friends and my hometown, even just for a short two weeks. 

Shantou didn’t change much since I was here in late 2006. But I must admit that I didn’t go out a lot this time, because the theme of this trip is ‘family’. I spent a lot of time with my families, sometimes even just a casual chat with couple of Kung Fu tea with parents at home can make my day. I met up with a few friends too. I’m happy to see most of them are having an enjoyable life in Shantou, somehow made me jealous! Still, if you are talking about food and living, personally opinion, Shantou is the best!

Since I started my work a year ago, I had to scarify my blogging time. You can see the last post was in May this year, which was four months ago. I do apologize the lateness of the updates here, but I’ve only got 24 hours a day and there are more important things I needed to take care of. However this blog is still important to me. If you check out the news site [News.MyShantou.net](http://News.MyShantou.net), there are quite a lot of excellent articles posted by the news team from the Journalism school in Shantou University. Actually I will have a meeting with the team tomorrow to discuss the goal of next year. It’s my first meet up with the team and I’m looking forward to it. 

Sorry for the poor content of this post, but just want to say hi and let you know this blog is still in my agenda. If you are want to contribute, please let me know. 

Hope you are all well. I love Shantou!

